Add readme for pause and give permission to bash script (#176)
litmuschaos/test-tools: custom/pause/README.md

# Pause

> Pause is a cli tool that can be used to begin a commands in paused state. It helps to perform some operations before the actual command 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pause is a CLI tool that can be used to begin a command in paused state. It usually helps in performing some operations before the command is actually executed
```

> execution like loading `cgroup`. 

Reviewer: For example, actions like loading cgroup.

> execution like loading `cgroup`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, actions like loading `cgroup`.```
